Whoops, I deleted the todo list as well. :(

That really sucks, actually.

Clicking a Spinner to expand the options into a menu will make the panel scroll even if the menu expands upwards.
Adding a new task no longer moves the entire stack below it??? Check deleting, too.
Downloading images / sounds should be multithreaded
Downloading images / sounds should be able to be saved to a local directory per-project (?)
Undo + Redo for textboxes
Make top-left box for Images also work for resizing, and make an option in the Task to reset size (it's not done often enough to make it viable, I think)

Modifiers should be left / right agnostic

Open the tutorial on first-run

Pasting the contents of a clipboard after directly copying a file prints some illegible characters which also mess up the textbox?

JPEGs don't open, only JPGs?

Changelog:

OK, so the plan of action is:

- Refactor Task to just be a thing that displays its contents, and separate its contents out into individual "sub-modules" (so a Task contains a Note, contains a Checkbox, contains an Image (which can contain a GIF), contains a Sound, etc).
- The contents define the size of the Task and which elements are drawn (if any). 

Vertical alignment isn't really centered

Repeatable deadlines - when completing Tasks with deadlines, it advances the deadline by a certain amount of time?
 - Maybe it's better to have a different kind of deadline that is repeatable, and specifies simply a time frame (x days, x weeks, x months)
 - Maybe it's better to repurpose a Timer for this purpose, since when it goes off, it will alert you and start counting down again?

Display full Task text on hover

Use URL Parsing to allow parsing text to point to other Tasks, Boards, or Projects so you can jump there with a click

Review libraries to see if the licenses are compatible with my own chosen license

Hide status bar elements except for the search bar if there isn't enough room horizontally

Consolidate logging messages so messages that are the same get "compounded". For example:

00:00:00: "Selected 1 Tasks."
00:00:00: "Selected 1 Tasks."

becomes

00:00:00: "Selected 2 Tasks."

Create a window to close when X button is pressed; check "ShouldWindowClose" more often than simply once